Update run task screenshots and docs (#1976)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/workspaces/run-tasks.html.md

## Understanding Run Tasks Within a Run

Run tasks execute between the [plan](../run/states.html#2-the-plan-stage) and [apply](../run/states.html#6-the-apply-stage) stage of a [Terraform run](../run/index.html). Once all of the run tasks executions are complete, the run will end based on the most restrictive enforcement level that has been configured in each of the associated run tasks.

For example, if a mandatory task fails and an advisory task succeeds, the run will fail. If an advisory task fails, but a mandatory task succeeds, the run will succeed and proceed to the apply stage. Regardless of the exit status of a task, the status and any related message data will be displayed in the UI.

Here is an example of a run that failed due to a mandatory run task.

![Screenshot: a run with failed tasks](./images/run-tasks-run-failed.png)

And here is an example of a run that succeeded.

![Screenshot: a run with passed tasks](./images/run-tasks-run-success.png)

## Removing a Run Task from a Workspace

1. Navigate to the desired workspace, then select "Run Tasks" from the "Settings" menu.

> 2. Select the ellipses on the associated run task, and then select "Remove".

Author: @laurapacilio it would be great to get your take on the following. I'm not sure if this is the best way to phrase this,  and without an official style guide, I am a bit lost. 

I think it might be better to do the following but not sure if it's the right approach.
```
Select the ellipses (...) on the associated run task, and then select "Remove".
```

Reviewer: hi! Yes I agree this is a tricky one. When our style guide doesn't cover something, we use google developers style guide. This is what it has to say about this: https://developers.google.com/style/ellipses#ellipses-in-a-user-interface

"When ellipses appear in a user interface, exclude them from the documentation describing the user interface unless their omission could cause confusion. For example, if the text on the button in the UI reads Save ..., document it as click Save."

This case is difficult because the button IS ellipsis. I talked to the education team, and we think that your approach with one tweak is the way we want to go. So:

"Click the ellipsis (...) button next to the Run Task, and then select **Remove**."

Also - our style guide now dictates that all UI elements should be bolded, rather than in quotes! Would you mind updating this PR to reflect that? We're slowly going to update all of the Cloud/Enterprise stuff to adhere to the new guideline.

Reviewer 2: Thanks @laurapacilio I have updated the docs as requested. 

I have used `(...)` in the docs the first time that a user interacts with an ellipses button. I have left it out for any subsequent call outs in the docs.

Author: Thanks @laurapacilio I have updated the docs as requested. 

I have used `(...)` in the docs the first time that a user interacts with an ellipses button. I have left it out for any subsequent call outs in the docs.

# Run Tasks

-> **Note:** As of September 2021, Run Tasks are a private beta feature, subject to change, and not all customers will see this functionality in their Terraform Cloud organization.

Run Tasks allow you to directly integrate third-party tools and services at certain stages in the Terraform Cloud run lifecycle. When executed, a run task will send an API payload to the external service. This payload contains a collection of run-related information, including a callback URL which the service uses to send run task data back to Terraform Cloud.

> The external service will use this run information to respond back to Terraform Cloud with a passed or failed status. Terraform Cloud uses this status response to determine if a run should proceed, based on the run task's enforcement settings that have been configured for the workspace.

Author: Sounds good.

> -> **API:** See the [Run Tasks APIs](../api/run-tasks.html).

Reviewer: Avoiding adding another note - we want to use notes as sparingly as possible. Also, we want to be inclusive and not use "see". So, I replaced it  - lmk what you think! 

```suggestion
You can manage run tasks through the UI as detailed below or through the [Run Tasks APIs](../api/run-tasks.html).
```

## Requirements

**Terraform Versions** - Run tasks can only be assigned to workspaces that use a Terraform version of 0.12 and later. Downgrading a workspace with existing run tasks to use a prior Terraform version will not result in an error, but the configured tasks will not execute as expected.

**Permissions** - In order to create a run task, you must have a user account that has been assigned the organization owner permission. You must be at least a workspace administrator in order to associate a run task to a given workspace.

> ## Configuring a Run Task

Reviewer: This matches the language on all of our buttons, etc. a bit better! 

```suggestion
## Creating a Run Task
```

> 1. Navigate to the desired workspace, then Click **Run Tasks** from the **Settings** menu.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the desired workspace, then click **Run Tasks** from the **Settings** menu.
```

Should `click` be lowercase?

Author: TBH, I am not sure but I do see that we use lower in the SAML docs.

    ![Screenshot: a workspace's settings drop-down menu](./images/run-tasks-workspace-settings.png)

2. Click **Create a new run task** which will take you to the **Run Tasks** integration page.

> 3. Click **Create run task**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Create run task**.
```

    ![Screenshot: an organization's blank run tasks state](./images/run-tasks-empty-run-tasks.png)

> 4. Enter the information about the run task to be configured:

Reviewer: Just make sure that when you build locally this renders properly :-) Sometimes the renderer can be finicky about nesting bullets underneath numbered steps.

 - **Name** (required): A human-readable name for the run task. This will be displayed in workspace configuration pages and can contain letters, numbers, dashes and underscores.
 - **Endpoint URL** (required): The URL for the external service. Run tasks will POST the [run tasks payload](../integrations/run-tasks/index.html#integration-details) to this URL.
 - **HMAC key** (optional): A secret key that may be required by the external service to verify request authenticity.

> 5. After you have entered the necessary information, click **Create run task**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Create run task**.
```

    ![Screenshot: an organization's populated run tasks state](./images/run-tasks-run-tasks-populated.png)

> 6. Click **Workspaces** in the top navigation, click your workspace from the grid, and then click **Run Tasks** in the **Settings** menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click **Workspaces** in the top navigation bar, click your workspace in the grid, open the **Settings** menu and select **Run Tasks**.
```

Reviewer: Should this be the start of a new section called "Adding Run Tasks to a Workspace"?  It just seems like we've jumped from creating it to a new thing that users may want to do.

> 7. Click the **+** sign next to the task(s) you want to add to the workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Click the **+** next to the task(s) you want to add to the workspace.
```

    ![Screenshot: a workspace's populated tasks configuration page](./images/run-tasks-workspace-run-tasks-populated.png)

> 8. Choose an enforcement level and click **Create**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Choose an enforcement level:
```

>   - **Advisory**  - run tasks can not block a run from completing. If the task fails, a warning will be displayed on the run but it will proceed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Advisory**  - Run tasks can not block a run from completing. If the task fails, the run will proceed with a warning in the UI.
```

>   - **Mandatory** - run tasks can block a run from completing. If the task fails (including a timeout or unexpected remote error condition), a warning will be displayed on the run and the run will transition to an Errored state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Mandatory** - Run tasks can block a run from completing. If the task fails (including a timeout or unexpected remote error condition), the run will transition to an Errored state with a warning in the UI.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Click **Create**. Your run task is now configured.
```

    ![Screenshot: enforcement configuration for a specific task within a workspace](./images/run-tasks-add-to-workspace.png)

> Your run tasks are now configured. You can return to the settings page to configure or remove tasks in your workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

    ![Screenshot: final configuration of tasks within a workspace](./images/run-tasks-final-workspace-configuration.png)

## Understanding Run Tasks Within a Run

> Run tasks execute between the [plan](../run/states.html#2-the-plan-stage) and [apply](../run/states.html#6-the-apply-stage) stage of a [Terraform run](../run/index.html). Once all run tasks executions have completed, the run will end based on the most restrictive enforcement level that has been configured in each associated run tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run tasks perform actions between the [plan](../run/states.html#2-the-plan-stage) and [apply](../run/states.html#6-the-apply-stage) stages of a [Terraform run](../run/index.html). Once all run tasks have completed, the run will end based on the most restrictive enforcement level in each associated run task.
```

> For example, if a mandatory task fails and an advisory task succeeds, the run will fail. If an advisory task fails, but a mandatory task succeeds, the run will succeed and proceed to the apply stage. Regardless of the exit status of a task, the status and any related message data will be displayed in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if a mandatory task fails and an advisory task succeeds, the run will fail. If an advisory task fails, but a mandatory task succeeds, the run will succeed and proceed to the apply stage. Regardless of the exit status of a task, Terraform Cloud displays the status and any related message data in the UI.
```

Here is an example of a run that failed due to a mandatory run task.

![Screenshot: a run with failed tasks](./images/run-tasks-run-failed.png)

And here is an example of a run that succeeded.

![Screenshot: a run with passed tasks](./images/run-tasks-run-success.png)

## Removing a Run Task from a Workspace

> 1. Navigate to the desired workspace, then click **Run Tasks** from the **Settings** menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removing a run task from a workspace does not delete it from the organization. To remove a run task from a specific workspace: 

1. Navigate to the desired workspace, open the **Settings** menu and select **Run Tasks**.
```

> 2. Click the ellipses (...) on the associated run task, and then Click **Remove**.

Reviewer 3: Once we've clicked, are we clicking again or selecting? I think the prior version potentially had `select` or potentially it was a suggestion from @laurapacilio.

Author: The developer guide says:

```
When the environment is a desktop with a mouse, use click for most targets, such as buttons, links, list items, and radio buttons
```

Reviewer 3: Works for me.

> 2. Click the ellipses (...) on the associated run task, and then click **Remove**.

Reviewer: It's just nice to give users one sentence that confirms what they just did and lets them know the result. 

```suggestion
2. Click the ellipses (...) on the associated run task, and then click **Remove**. The run task will no longer be applied to runs within the workspace.
```

    ![Screenshot: removing a run task from a workspace](./images/run-tasks-workspace-remove.png)

## Deleting a Run Task

> 1. Navigate to **Settings** and **Run Tasks**

Reviewer: Are we in the main nav bar again? Should we specify?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must remove a run task from all associated workspaces before you can delete it. To delete a run task:

1. Navigate to **Settings** in the top navigation bar and click **Run Tasks**.
```

> 2. On the run task you want to delete, Click the ellipses and then Click **Edit**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. On the run task you want to delete, Click the ellipses (...) and then Click **Edit**
```

This introduces the parenthesis here too, as I feel it probably isn't enough to do it once. This suggestion doesn't change `Click` to lowercase nor change it ultimately to `select` though as I'd prefer to keep those as separate discussions.

Author: In another style guide that I referred to, they suggest that you show a visual representation of the term in the first instance and then just use the word in subsequent step. I am not attached to my approach, just what makes sense.

Reviewer 3: Yeah, I guess that works then. Have to keep on top of those first instance in documentation moving forward then. Maybe there's a Markdown hacky way to do it.

> 2. On the run task you want to delete, click the ellipses and then click **Edit**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the ellipses (...) next to the run task you want to delete, and then click **Edit**.
```

> 3. Click **Delete run task**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Delete run task**.
```

   ![Screenshot: a warning when attempting to delete an in-use run task](./images/run-tasks-delete-run-task-warning.png)

> You cannot delete run tasks that are still associated with a workspace. If you attempt this, you will see a warning in the UI containing a list of all workspaces that are associated with the run task. 

Reviewer: I would move this up to come right after **Delete** and before the image showing the warning.

> You must remove the run task from the  workspace(s) before deleting the run task.

Reviewer: I think we should move this line to come right before the instructions in this section.
